3.7 blog post (#3743)
emberjs/website: source/blog/2019-01-07-ember-3-7.md

You can read more about our general release process here:

- [Release Dashboard](http://emberjs.com/builds/)
- [The Ember Release Cycle](http://emberjs.com/blog/2013/09/06/new-ember-release-process.html)
- [The Ember Project](http://emberjs.com/blog/2015/06/16/ember-project-at-2-0.html)
- [Ember LTS Releases](http://emberjs.com/blog/2016/02/25/announcing-embers-first-lts.html)

---

## Ember.js

Ember.js is the core framework for building ambitious web applications.

### Changes in Ember.js 3.7
Ember.js 3.7 is an incremental, backwards compatible release of Ember with bugfixes, performance improvements, and minor deprecations. There is zero (0) new feature, zero (0) deprecations, and three (3) bugfixes in this 3.7 version.

> Note that in Ember.js 3.7 support for Node 4 has been explicitly dropped. This means that if you are on Node 4 and want to upgrade you will need to upgrade your version of Node first.

Reviewer: we might want to mention here that Node 4 is no longer supported by the Node.js team either, and that Ember CLI had already dropped support in early 2018.

also, Node 6 support will end in the next few months, so maybe we should start to nudge people towards upgrading if they still use that.

---

## Ember Data

Ember Data is the official data persistence library for Ember.js applications.

### Changes in Ember Data 3.7

No changes in Ember Data 3.7

#### New Features (0)

No new features introduced in Ember Data 3.7.

#### Deprecations (0)

No new deprecations introduced in Ember Data 3.7.

For more details on changes in Ember Data 3.7, please review the
[Ember Data 3.7.0 release page](https://github.com/emberjs/data/releases/tag/v3.7.0).

---

## Ember CLI

Ember CLI is the command line interface for managing and packaging Ember.js applications.

### Upgrading Ember CLI

You may upgrade Ember CLI easily using the ember-cli-update project:

```bash
npm install -g ember-cli-update
ember-cli-update
```

This utility will help you to update your app or add-on to the latest Ember CLI 3.7sion. You will probably encounter merge conflicts, in which the default behavior is to let you resolve conflicts on your own. For more information on the `ember-cli-update` project, see [the github README](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update).

> While it is recommended to keep Ember CLI 3.7sions in sync with Ember and Ember Data, this is not required. After updating ember-cli, you can keep your current 3.7sion(s) of Ember or Ember Data by editing `package.json` to re3.7t the changes to the lines containing `ember-source` and `ember-data`.

Reviewer: > Ember CLI 3.7sions

🤔

### Changes in Ember CLI 3.7

#### New Features (0)

> No new features introduced in Ember CLI 3.7.

Reviewer: I guess https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8297 and https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli/pull/8286 are somewhat noteworthy

---
title: Ember 3.7 Released
author: Melanie Sumner, Kenneth Larsen
tags: Releases, 2019, 3, 3.7
responsive: true
---

> Today the Ember project is releasing 3.7 version 3.7 of Ember.js, Ember Data, and Ember CLI. This release kicks off the 3.8 beta cycle for all sub-projects. We encourage our community (especially addon authors) to help test these beta builds and report any bugs before they are published as a final release in six weeks' time. The [ember-try](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-try) addon is a great way to continuously test your projects against the latest Ember releases.

Reviewer 2: I think, it'd be

```suggestion
Today the Ember project is releasing version 3.7 of Ember.js, Ember Data, and Ember CLI. This release kicks off the 3.8 beta cycle for all sub-projects. We encourage our community (especially addon authors) to help test these beta builds and report any bugs before they are published as a final release in six weeks' time. The [ember-try](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-try) addon is a great way to continuously test your projects against the latest Ember releases.
```

---

## Ember Data

Ember Data is the official data persistence library for Ember.js applications.

### Changes in Ember Data 3.7

No changes in Ember Data 3.7

#### New Features (0)

No new features introduced in Ember Data 3.7.

#### Deprecations (0)

No new deprecations introduced in Ember Data 3.7.

For more details on changes in Ember Data 3.7, please review the
[Ember Data 3.7.0 release page](https://github.com/emberjs/data/releases/tag/v3.7.0).

---

## Ember CLI

Ember CLI is the command line interface for managing and packaging Ember.js applications.

### Upgrading Ember CLI

You may upgrade Ember CLI easily using the ember-cli-update project:

```bash
npm install -g ember-cli-update
ember-cli-update
```

This utility will help you to update your app or add-on to the latest Ember CLI version. You will probably encounter merge conflicts, in which the default behavior is to let you resolve conflicts on your own. For more information on the `ember-cli-update` project, see [the github README](https://github.com/ember-cli/ember-cli-update).

> While it is recommended to keep Ember CLI versions in sync with Ember and Ember Data, this is not required. After updating ember-cli, you can keep your current version(s) of Ember or Ember Data by editing `package.json` to re3.7t the changes to the lines containing `ember-source` and `ember-data`.

Reviewer 2: I think this would be

```suggestion
While it is recommended to keep Ember CLI versions in sync with Ember and Ember Data, this is not required. After updating ember-cli, you can keep your current version(s) of Ember or Ember Data by editing `package.json` to undo the changes to the lines containing `ember-source` and `ember-data`.
```
